Using color names for your project is very neat and handy.
However eventually you'll then run out of your options.
Basically the more project you're going to build the bigger project you'd like to build.
You will then be reaching for some more color options and one of the color options we have is our G.B..
Now what in the world is our GP.
What is the RG B stands or red green and blue.
And then we can pick color values from zero to two hundred fifty five meaning zero would be the smallest
and 255 would be largest.
So how we would use this.
Well first of all let's delete this color name and let's write it we're going to be looking for our
G.B. color.
Now we're gonna write our G.B. and let's write out here what values you would like.
Well since I would like my color to become little red I'm going to have my value to 255 and then first
of them for green and blue.
I'm just gonna set them zero.
Now I already can see that Visual Studio gold is giving me this suggestion.
So basically this is gonna be the color that we're going to have and we can clearly say that this is
going to be right.
Now let me save it.
And sure enough I have my red color.
Now as we were working with our G.B. values we also have an option of having the black or white color.
So how we would get the black color green looks right.
RG G.B. that would be our syntax and then we're looking for 0 0 0.
So all three zeros would mean that we're getting the black color.
Now the white one would be completely opposite that one would be 255 255 and 255.
So it's a up personal change for the I.D. no second to green color.
So let's say the color of the text is gonna be green.
So how do we do this again.
0 255 255.
Since the green is the second value.
Correct.
And then we're looking for the background of white.
Now obviously the moment I'm gonna do that you'll see that it's gonna be hard to notice because our
whole text is white our whole dark.
But let's try it out so let's write 255 255 and let's say 255.
Like I said it's hard to notice because our whole background is white.
Now why don't we go to the body now and let's look at different values.
Because for now you're probably thinking well wait a minute he's just using the red and green color.
Now let's mix it up a little bit let's say for the body there's going to be background and let's write
our GP values and then you can write here whatever your heart desires.
So I'm gonna write a hundred let's say thirty four and maybe here this is gonna be two hundred and ten
and let's see what kind of color and obviously first of all I can see that I have my background the
white.
So all this is Wharton and here I'm getting this purple curve.
Now how is it we're not gonna be covering each and every number right now but just to give you an idea
if you would like let's say your color to be reddish you also would be focusing on this valley if you
would be having your color as green you would be focusing on green vote.
And let's maybe add one more I.D. here.
Let's basically say heading with a I.D. of three and let's also write.
I'm not gonna be too I'm going to be three and let's the struggles for the blue one.
So let's say or here in the styles we can we can just create a new rule.
I'm going to say we're gonna be looking for number three and for the color maybe let's have the color
again of blue.
So let's look for our G.B. and then we're saying 0 0 0 and the last one is gonna be two hundred fifty
five because I was that that is from the blue one and then for the background again maybe let's test
it out a little bit different values so let's say our G.B. and then we're looking for.
I don't know.
Hundred hundred and hundred and let's see how this is going to work out.
This is like a dark grayish color.
Now hopefully you understand that this is how we work with our G.B. values.
And feel free to experience with these values.
And then next video we're going to look at the RGA value.